# PACE GROUP C

# TWENTY-SECOND CLIENT MEETING 04/07

## 7 APRIL 2021 / 12:00 - 12:33PM / VIA GOOGLE MEETS

### ATTENDEES

Katrina M., Philip O., Maya T., Shannon F.

### AGENDA

#### BUSINESS FROM THE PREVIOUS MEETING

3/17-02. Prohibit Mentor Form submission unless the user was requested **To be noted in final documentation**
3/24-01. Mention in the final report that the GET request URLs are on localhost, and that these would need to be updated if the site is deployed.**To be noted in final documentation**
3/24/02. Within step-by-step-guide.md, ensure that everything under the heading 'Maintenance Issues' has been written in a general way so that anyone who decides to use our codebase can create a Firebase/gmail account and know what needs to be updated in our code for it to work. **To be noted in final documentation**

#### NEW BUSINESS

1. Conduct "Stand Up".

- Our Github project board will be displayed to show what we're planning on accomplishing during the upcoming sprint. Our application will be running in case the client wants to see a demo of anything on our application (although features requiring the backend will not be available due to security upgrades).

2. Discuss "Road Blocks"

- No major road blocks stand out. The team is working towards wrapping up the term.

3. Is there anything else that we should take into account for handover from the client's perspective?

- I'll mention that she'll be ranking the final deliverable

## Notes

This meeting was significantly shorter since everyone is finalizing loose ends for final features/documentation to handover the project.

After everyone joined the meeting, the client asked what our group had done in the last week. I mentioned how we were focused on creating our presentation parts, and that this week we'll be finalizing our documentation. I also briefly discussed with the client how our backend was made more secure through the Firebase Admin SDK, and that we'll be providing any necessary information to run the application within our final documentation.  
 The client asked when our final documentation will be submitted, and I let her know that we have to submit it for our course by April 18th, and then the instructor will likely pass along the information as per previous deliverables.

The client then requested for Pace A to demonstrate their application. Their client liaison was having problems with pulling the latest version from Github, and so she wasn't able to demonstrate the application. Instead, they talked about the tickets they hope to close for next week (i.e adding information for when there's no data on the page), and what they're hoping to show in the video demos (ex. how the iFrame tag can be embedded into a website since that feature, along with some others, weren't displayed live during the meetings).

Pace B had problems with their internet, and so their team didn't demonstrate their application since not much had changed since last week. They're planning on fine-tuning the UI (adding tooltips, error messages, etc) as well as modifying their documentation.

The client looks forward to seeing all of the final projects. She mentioned that we can email her whenever, and set up a meeting time if needed. Otherwise, this was the last official meeting.
