# PACE GROUP C

# SIXTEENTH CLIENT MEETING 02/10

## 10 February 2021 / 12:00-12:52PM/ VIA GOOGLE MEETS

### ATTENDEES

Katrina M., Shannon F., Philip O., Maya T.

### AGENDA

#### BUSINESS FROM THE PREVIOUS MEETING

- 2/02-1. Update the Mentor form to have an input field to intake a link to the user's calendar for availability. Reflect this in the DB and send this link in the email to the Mentee when accepted. **Completed**

#### NEW BUSINESS

1. Conduct "Stand Up".

- Our Github project board will be displayed to show what we're planning on accomplishing during the upcoming sprint. The client will be reminded of the reading break which is occurring next week, as well as the peer testing sessions which are occuring the week after. Therefore, development will be slowed to accomodate for school logistics. Our application will be run to show the modifications to the Mentor form, the ability to be routed to a different display upon login based on user type, as well as how the application now renders new matches upon login, with the ability to decline mentees and not repeatedly be matched with them.

2. Discuss "Road Blocks"

- Our focus will shift in the coming weeks in order to fulfill course requirements.

3. Katrina will mention her findings from researching the calendar to explain her decision on why restriciting to just Google Calendars should be an acceptable approach.

### NOTES

Once everyone had joined the Google Meets session, the client asked our group to show our project board first. The client was updated on our progress from the last sprint, and informed about our current road block surrounding the fact that we'll likely switch from emailjs to nodemailer.

After walking the client through our application, the client mentioned some possible things that we could incorporate for after the peer testing sessions. They are as follows:

- Rather than the label being 'Availability' on the Mentor Form, it could say 'Calendar Link'.
- If we have time, we could allow for other calendar links to be submitted (such as Outlook Calendars, and Calendly). The client has mentioned Calendly quite frequently, so it might be something to incorporate to please the client, despite the drawbacks of Calendly itself.
- Rather than window alerts, we could switch over to [Ant Design's Notification component](https://ant.design/components/notification/).

Overall, the client agrees that once we're able to send email requests from admins to potential mentors, and match mentees to mentors of the same organization, that the large functionality components will be complete. She's happy with our progress, and anticipates that we'll be able to spend the remainder of the project incorporating minor changes to the application.

Pace A informed the client of their plans for the upcoming week. They finished their user flow diagram, and tested an API for obtaining skills from the user. Their skills selection page was run so that the client could see the dropdown. They're hoping to build the mentor, mentee, and admin forms, as well as surrounding functionality (ability to login, send emails, etc.) for the peer testing deadline.

Pace B then informed the client of their progress. Their Firebase configuration has to be redone, and they want to route the user upon login depending on whether they're an admin or mentor. The client then talked about React Routing for a little while. Pace B then showed a page which contained their Mentee Form, as well as a 'Feedback Form' which they hope to use for sending emails. Their group is hoping to learn about Ant Design, since the client likes our Card component, and they want to use that in their application as well.
