# PACE GROUP C

# FOURTEENTH CLIENT MEETING 01/26

## 26 JANUARY 2021 / 9:00AM/ VIA GOOGLE MEETS

### AGENDA

#### BUSINESS FROM THE PREVIOUS MEETING

- 11/10-03. The team should discuss possible ways of obtaining Mentor availability to send to an accepted Mentee, where the Mentee can then book a slot from the Mentor's available time slots. **Due by Wednesday**
- 11/10-05. Research how a React component can be generated into an iFrame tag. **Due by Wednesday**

#### NEW BUSINESS

1. Conduct "Stand Up".

- Our Github project board will be displayed at this time to showcase that we completed unit testing for most components, and have worked towards exploration tasks for creating the matching algorithm, embedding the mentee form in an iframe, and ways of obtaining Mentor availability. The application will also be run on the 303-make-routing-and-navbar-make-sense branch to showcase the work that was done, as well as to confirm the logistics discussed within documentation/updated-system-description.md.

2. Discuss "Road Blocks"

- To ensure development is progressing in the right direction, a better understanding of the following will be obtained:
  - When it comes to unit testing, what is the client's preferences/list of priorities?
  - Is the system layout correct? For a non-logged in user, what should they see?(Currently, The Navbar contains the "Home" and "Login" buttons. Eventually, logged in Admins could view Mentee and Mentor Form tabs in addition to the "Home" tab. Should a logged in Mentor just see the sub-navbar (tutorial/suggested/accepted tabs)?).
    - Should users who access our website see a list of organizations currently registered? If so, how should this be displayed?
    - How should Admins register and interact with our system?
      - How should they sign-up? (would they click the 'Create account' button on the login page, which takes them to an Admin signup? To prevent duplicate organizations from registering: Should the 'Organization' text-field be replaced by a dropdown to view currently registered organizations, with the option to enter a new one?)
      - Should admins be able to invite Mentees via an email (like they can with Mentors?)

3. Inform the client of semester logistics.

- Our last client meeting could potentially be on the last day of class (April 13).
- The client will be ranking the second peer testing milestone at the end of February/beginning of March, as well as our final report and demo in April.
