# PACE GROUP C
# SIXTH CLIENT MEETING 10/27

## 27 OCTOBER 2020 / 9:06AM - 9:27AM / VIA GOOGLE MEETS

### ATTENDEES
Katrina M., Maya T., Philip O., Anthony B., Shannon F.

### AGENDA

#### BUSINESS FROM THE PREVIOUS MEETING
- 09/29-02. When we create the form, we can create it to be static first, and then modify it to be dynamic later on. This should be completed before the first peer testing milestone. **In progress for this week's scrum.** 
    - Parts of the form (input fields for name, email, user type, availability, time, and "next" as well as "back" buttons will be worked on for the end of this week's sprint (Monday, November 2nd))

#### NEW BUSINESS
1. Do "Stand Up" from the week. 
- Discuss how the last week was spent finalizing the System Requirements and Design document. Let the client know that this is a deliverable that she will be reviewing. 
- Mention how our tech lead outlined steps for setting up our environment for the front-end and back-end (will demonstrate the basic application, if time allows). All members on our team now have this setup, and we are ready to begin working on the functional requirements. 
- Show the Github Project Board to provide an overview of this week's sprint. 
2. Discuss "Road Blocks"
- React is new to 3/4 of the members on our team, so a large task for this week is to become familiar with React. Once that has been accomplished, our first feature that we're working towards is creating a static form (displaying input fields and having inputted information sent to the database).

### NOTES
The meeting started a couple of minutes late due to the time-zone change in Europe. Since British Columbia will also undergo a time change (clocks will fall back an hour on November 1) the topic was brought up as a reminder. 

Pace B commenced the meeting by walking through their progress from the past week, followed by Pace A. For both teams, the last week was spent setting up their environments. Their hope for the current sprint is to familiarize themselves with their tech stack. 

Pace A asked if there was any particular colour schemes that should be followed, to which the client mentioned that there isn't. The design and styling is primarily up to each team. A recommended tool when it comes to choosing colour is Coolors (https://coolors.co/8f9491-bca3ac-e5cedc-f3eaf4-eadde1). 

When it comes to watching tutorials, the client recommends following along in the local environment rather than just watching, since learning by doing tends to be more effective. 

To address the points under "New Business":
- The client was informed that the first half of the week was spent finalizing the System Requirements and Design document which was a deliverable for the class. The latter portion of the week was for our tech lead to assist in environment setup. 
    - Since there was time, the React app and server functionality was demonstrated. This was to showcase the work done in the past sprint, and to let the client know that all members on the team are setup to begin development, and are using VS Code as the chosen IDE.
        - The client mentioned that she also uses VS Code when working with React, so it's a good choice. 
- Our team's sprint was then discussed. While doing so, the chart from yesterday's team meeting was displayed to showcase the varying roles. 
    - The client thinks that it's a good idea to have divided the roles evenly between front-end and back-end. This allows team members the ability to hone their learning towards the components that they'll be required to know, rather than everyone on the team learning everything for something that they might not be working on. This also slightly reduces the learning curve. 

The meeting was then open for any other general questions. Since everything had been covered, the meeting was able to end early. The client noted that it sounds like we're all on track. 

### ACTION ITEMS
10/27-1. Decide on what to show the client for November 3rd's meeting and discuss any 'road bumps'. **During November 2nd's team meeting**
10/27-2. Ensure the IP agreement has been signed by all members and sent to Dr. Hui **Should be done by Friday, October 30th**



