# Meeting Minutes - November 2nd

## Agenda Items:
- [Eric] Discuss about grading and distribute work we have done.
- [Eric] Need a new requirement to work on.
- [Eric] Explanation of #155.
- [Eric] Setup DB.
- [Aleks] Should we use console to pull/commit or VS to pull/commit
- [Aleks] Does it matter if we use VS or console to pull/commit

## Detailed Notes:
- 

## Action Items:
- 
