# Meeting Minutes - November 23rd

## Agenda Items:
- 「Aleks」Reminder that meeting on The 30th is now on 29Th
- 「Aleks」I wont be able to make this meeting due to internet problems
-  [team] A message should display when email is sent.
-  [team] when click on 'here' in MentorCompletion page, it directly routes to mentorHome page rather than Auth page.
- 

## Detailed Notes:
- We decided that this week will be a little more chill in terms of development. 
- Each member has been assigned an issue (labelled as a chore) to account for Peer Testing sessions. 
- Once you've conducted both sessions and modified the peer-testing-report.md (anything denoted as 'individual' is something that each member will need to contribute to), the  PR you make will close the issue. 
- Development-wise, we're all going to test the app (essentially to try and break things/find flaws), and then as things come up, changes can be pushed to the minor-improvements branch. 
- As JP put it, there's small things we'll be working collectively to fix, but that won't merit being a labelled a task, so we're doing 'free labour'. 
- There's no gitstats this week. If you'd like to do a trial-run to ensure tech is ready for peer testing, let one of us know and we can be a guinea pig to test things out.
- Above from kat's discord message
- 

## Action Items (Due by next sprint: November 29th):
- 
