# Meeting Minutes - November 9th

## Agenda Items:
- [aleks] Will not have internet for the 23 and 30 of nov. Can we switch the meeting to Sunday
- [Eric & JP] technical decision on whether we need a cloud function instead of using server as a part of dataflow.
- [aleks] Start planning for "dry runs" of the program as per the course website, such as what we want to have done before that time.
- [aleks] What do you guys want to do about reading week, are we still going to hold a meeting?
- [JP] Suggest we do a Saturday status check: everyone writes their progress on their tasks every Saturday so we're all in the loop. 
- [JP] In the future, we need to make tasks way more descriptive to include very clear expected outcomes from whomever is working on them. 
- [Katrina] During Friday's class, the instructor mentioned how Gitstats should be ran by someone in the PST timezone. That has been set up, but since there's no report due on November 11, the first trial run will be November 18th for Katrina.
- [Katrina] Run through road blocks from obtaining user availability. 
- [Eric] lists of tasks for each user group.
- [aleks] validating email
- [aleks] mentorship form, from sign up form to create account form requries react routing to go to next page
- [aleks] on create account form, an email needs to be passed into the "place email here" spot
- [aleks] created a temp "create account" page on the navigation bar on the top, in order for us to view the create account page
- [aleks] should the login button on the login page be a button that sends the data to the database?
- [aleks] talk about how we are going to do forget password link, should it be through email?
- [aleks] Many of the buttons from the ui pages need to be linked to other pages
- 

## Detailed Notes:
- Meeting on the 23rd is staying on 23rd
- Aleks will not be able to attend the meeting on 23rd due to internet issues
- Meeting on the 30th is now on the 29th
- Stay clear from external apis as much as possible
- We will probably use cloud functions in our program
- JP will lead dry runs
- Meeting on the 16th
- Move tasks from to-do to in progress
- If possible give a little status report on saturday about how your tasks are going
- Make the tasks more detailed with more information
- Kat will run the gitstats test
- Check with client: calendar interface, google calendar, etc.
- Check with client: Put matching people based on availability to the side for now
- Check with client: Focus more on input such as skills, and time zones, instead of availability
- If client wants availability instead of the top 3 points above: 
- Create/keep a simpler UI for the back end
- Possible idea if client requires availability: use a time picker, such as: pick days, pick time, pick date, etc.
- Possbile idea if client requires availability: for the time picker idea, we can have "weekly" options, or "specific" day options
- Possible idea if client requires availability: weekly options for the time picker will be a reoccuring time every week on the same day/time
- Possible idea if client requires availability: specific option for the time picker will be the option to add specific days of availability
- Possible idea if client requires availability: compare different time picker options
- Write tests for when we code (we can focus on this after the project gets more complete)
- We will only be able to match with one mentor at the start
- If we need more tasks, ask for more tasks
- Kat will have the task of playing around with availability
- 

## Action Items (Due by next sprint: November 16th):
- [aleks] Merge develop into 185 branch, update the current first page of form with the the 185 pr, then the 2nd page will be the create account page
- [aleks] Button on the form should switch between first page and second page of create account contents and mentorshipform contents
- [kat] re-work the report so that it counts as a pr and task
- [kat] Client minutes need to be uploaded and completed
- [eric] Work on showing skills based on if the user is mentor/mentee
- [eric] Build a complete page for finish registering page
- [eric] Listing tasks
- 
