# Meeting Minutes - October 19

## Agenda Items:
- clarify more about admin account and about the prototype
- talk more about what the client wants, such as how the prototype should function
- get feedback on what was the admin features that client wanted
- get feedback on what the organization means
- [JP] Go over below report of Q&A from Oct 16 class
- [JP] Make sure we're 100% clear on the sign up form vs account registration
- [JP] I think we'll need a superuser to validate that admins are from the company they claim to be from
- [JP] What will be the process for a company to host the form on their website / to share it by email?
- [JP] Are we using mentormatch.today? 
- [JP] I think we can start coding this week / next week

## Detailed Notes:
- JP's Report of Q&A from Oct 16 class:
1. We can't use issues the way we have, we have to do a couple of issues per week.
2. Keep issues only to one label
3. Regarding work breakdown: we're free to do what we want
- 

## Action Items:
- 
