# Meeting Minutes - October 26

## Agenda Items:
- [JP] Merge PR closing issue 127
- [JP] Talk about the branches
- [JP] Make sure everyone has local setup running
- [Katrina] Discuss IP agreement (Dr. Hui's message from October 20th)
- [Katrina] Talk about last week's client meeting to make sure everyone's caught up on the notes (i.e the meeting will be on Google Meets instead of Zoom, possible ways to deploy the website, what we'd like to show for Oct. 27th's client meeting) 

## Detailed Notes:
- All members got the front end setup completed
- All members got the back end setup completed
- All members installed nodejs
- App is viewable for everyone, both front end and back end
- New setup for how branches work
- New setup for how issues work
- Sign IP document
- Client meetings on google meets
- Interests in parts of the project and leader roles:

|         | FE | BE | DB | Main interest                                        |
|:-------:|:--:|:--:|:--:|------------------------------------------------------|
| Katrina | 75 | 15 | 10 | Front-end, leader of design and CSS                  |
|   Eric  | 25 | 30 | 45 | Versatile (mostly DB & BE)                           |
|  Aleks  | 90 |  5 |  0 | Front-end                                            |
|    JP   | 15 | 35 | 45 | Back-end & DB & (can work on link between FE and BE) |

## Action Items:
- everyone needs to sign IP document, pass the document around
